So i start of by sectioning my hair of from
the top of my head down to the ear
[Music is playing]
Then i clip the rest of the hair back
In the section we just made, you are going
to make a french braid, but instead of going
over and into the middle, we are going to
go under so the braid is going to be on top (a dutch braid)
[Music is playing]
I´m only gonna put another section of hair
into the braid every second time, so the part
thats by the for head, thats the part i put
another section into
[Music is playing]
So now you are just gonna secure the braid
So now you are going to pull out in the braid
a little bit, so it gets a bit more volume
and a bit more messy
[Music is playing]
and now you sre just gonna do the exact same
on the other side
[Music is playing]
So now you are gonig to tease the top of the
hair just to get a bit more volume
[Music is playing]
Now i´m going to take my toni and guy heat
protection and spray that into my hair
[Music is playing]
so to curl the hair i´m using the remington "Pearl pro" curling iron
So i take a small section in the back of my
hair and wrap it around the curling iron away
from my face
[Music is playing]
So when i take the curl of the curling iron
i´m just gonna hold it in my hand for a few seconds
[Music is playing]
so im just gonna continue curling my hair
on both sides
[Music is playing]
So now i´m just gonna take my elnett hairspray
form loreal and spray that in the curls
[Music is playing]
so because i want a bit more volume i´m taking
a few sections and tease them again
[Music is playing]
so im just gonna pull out the braid a bit
again, just to get them more volume and them
i´m gonna take 2 bobbypins and secure them
at the back of my head
[Music is playing]
so i hopw you guys like this video, if you
did give it a thumbs up and remember to subscribe,
if you have any request or anything then leave
a comment below and i will try and do it. Byee!
[Music is playing]